# README

This folder contains an R Jupyter Notebook that imports the datathon data and includes summaries of the data.  
You can view the notebook results in the PDF, download the notebook and run it within Jupyter, or copy and paste the
code into your favorite R IDE.

I have also uploaded several working files derived from the large data files linked from the Wiki.  These all start with "PP_", as they include the Pharmaprojects clinical outcome data.  As such, these files are subject to the Informa terms and conditions of use as described below, and will need to be deleted within a week of the conclusion of the datathon.

Informa Business Intelligence, Inc. (Informa) grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the Pharmaprojects data and information being made available for download (Informa Data) solely to the minimum extent necessary for your participation in the BioData West Open Targets Datathon taking place in San Francisco, CA on March 12, 2018.  You will not acquire any ownership or intellectual property rights in the Informa Data, all of which belong to Informa.  You may not share the Informa Data with any persons other than other participants of the Workshop.  The Informa Data is provided “AS IS” without warrant of any kind.  Informa is not liable to you or any third party for any adverse consequences arising as a result of the inaccuracy or incompleteness of the Informa Data.  Informa will not be liable to you or any third party for any trading, investment, commercial or other decisions based on or made in reliance on the Informa Data.  You will, no later than five (5) days after conclusion of the Workshop, permanently delete and destroy all copies of the Informa Data within your possession or control.  It is understood and agreed that the Informa Data is being provided to you on a complimentary basis.  As such, the total liability of Informa to you with respect to the Informa Data shall not exceed $10.
